what you're going to see is basically
the world cup of combo you tune in to
glory expect non-stop action each round
is three minutes of your action anything
goes anything it happens
you want to find out who's the best
light heavyweight new world you put four
guys in the glory ring so
Tyrone Spong brings incredible
athleticism and power powerful hooks
great combination striking Tyrone Spong
is a superstar and because of that he's
got that target on his back because
everybody wants to knock off again
Sowell's game plan is the knock your
head off into the front row the guy
fights like a whirlwind he's a tornado
expect fireworks don't blink because
these are two very powerful men if you
do blink you may miss a Nadia gokhan
Saki he has a 71 percent knockout ratio
it has that one punch knockout power if
he lands the fights gonna be over
made him carve it Colin cottage because
he's left the trail of bodies in his
wake Nathan Corbett 45 career knockouts
so you know both of these guys who can
finish the fight
the moment the bell rings you have to
attack right away if you win you move on
if you don't you go home who is the best
for the best fighters on the planet
fighting twice to find out who's the
baddest man in the light heavyweight
division Roland tom ruskin is aggressive
and he fights the whole three minutes
he's hard to beat Gregorian is all
action as a very well-rounded attack
Laurie 15 tournament is wide open I
think everybody has a shot to be crowned
champion